src/pages/posts/introduction.md, before:

---
title: "Introduction to Agnostic Tarot"
path: "/posts/introduction"
description: 'Tips and recommendations for buying a Tarot de Marseille deck.'
layout: "../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
author: "Chris F"
---
## Introduction


This guide is for beginners, who have little to no knowledge of tarot. It is also for experienced readers who would like to pare down the number of meanings and systems they are using.

I found after reading cards for over 20 years and studying several different systems that my own readings were starting to lack clarity, I was considering too many different things.

I began to use pip-style decks and even playing cards to try and simplify things and took a break from the cards to reset. I have come back to the cards refreshed, able to see them through a different lens.

What I have done is assigned a keyword, one word to each rank. This is the starting point for reading. The word is not negative or positive - just a neutral word. These words are based on numerology.

Once you have your keyword, there are different ways you can expand your story. This guide will show you some of these ways.

Also, the meanings I use for the tarot are all down to earth, real life examples. I have purposely avoided religious, spiritual, new age or psychology associations. In this guide, tarot is a tool for solving problems in day to day life. There is no magic, there is no power, there is no ritual, and no spirits either.

The cards will not predict your death, or the arrival of your soul mate. The cards are just cards. Everything happens in you. The cards trigger your creative mind, and allow you to see a different perspective. They have a way of cutting through the mental noise and straight through to the essence of the problem.

I cannot overstate how useful the tarot is! This is why I think it is detrimental, at least for beginners, to attach a bunch of mystical, magical, religious and psychological meanings to the cards.  It makes an obstacle for the reader. It adds mental and emotional noise that isn't helpful. And you don't need any of those things to use the tarot to good effect.

Things like the belief that your tarot must be gifted you, cleansed with sage and moonlight, and wrapped in a silken cloth is going to deter many people from picking it up. The idea that decks are possessed of spirits, demons or your ancestors is also going to deter people. The idea that a deck contains a personality, archetypes and the ability to know the future is also a deterrent.

And finally it almost seems like you need to read a bunch of books, including history, how-tos and various mystical/psychological texts. The whole thing is exhausting, and can deter people from checking it out, which is unfortunate because on top of being useful, the cards are fun and beautiful!

To be clear, there is nothing wrong with the beliefs and practices of other readers. I like using sage, I take care of my cards and I do gain deep insights that could border on "spiritual". I am not condemning anyone else's tarot practice. I am simply trying to break down barriers to entry so more people can enjoy reading tarot cards and use them to solve every day problems.

The keywords are like the first brush stroke on a blank canvas. Using them is a technique to grease the wheel so to speak. When you have nothing to start with, it is like facing a blank page. A blank page can block your thinking. But once you start, even just one step, the blockage is removed.

In time, after using the cards over and over again they will hold lots of meaning for you. But the keywords will always be there to get you started if you want to use them.

## Sources

## Links

Commit message:

edit articles and add tags

src/pages/posts/introduction.md, after:

---
title: "Introduction to Agnostic Tarot"
path: "/posts/introduction"
description: 'The tarot is a valuable tool for thinking, brainstorming, inspiration and insight.'
layout: "../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
author: "Chris F"
tags: ["getting-started", "tdm"]
---


This course is for anyone who is interested in reading tarot cards, or even just playing with them. The tarot is a valuable tool for thinking, brainstorming, inspiration and insight. It can also be a method, a meditation or a ritual.

Learning how to read the cards takes time and practice. There are several different methods and schools of thought when it comes to tarot. With agnostic tarot we are starting at the most basic element, numbers or ranks.

<div>

![The Fool](../../images/cbd_tarot/a22.jpg)
![Two of Coins](../../images/cbd_tarot/d02.jpg)
![Two of Swords](../../images/cbd_tarot/e02.jpg)
</div>

What I have done is assigned a keyword, one word to each rank. This is the starting point for reading. The word is not negative or positive - just a neutral word. These words are based on numerology.

Once you have your keyword, there are different ways you can expand your story. This guide will show you some of these ways.

Also, the meanings I use for the tarot are all down to earth, real life examples. I have purposely avoided religious, spiritual, new age or psychology associations. In this guide, tarot is a tool for day to day life. There is no magic, there is no power, there is no ritual, and no spirits either. This is about getting real life, hands on experience with the cards. In time the meanings of the cards will grow to resonate with you.

<div>

![Knight of Swords](../../images/cbd_tarot/e12.jpg)
![Six of Cups](../../images/cbd_tarot/c06.jpg)
![Six of Wands](../../images/cbd_tarot/b06.jpg)
</div>

I think it is a barrier, at least for beginners, to attach a bunch of mystical, magical, religious and psychological meanings to the cards.  It makes an obstacle for the reader. It adds mental and emotional noise that isn't helpful. And you don't need any of those things to use the tarot to good effect.

There is nothing wrong with the beliefs and practices of other readers. They are helpful and can enhance the experience. I am simply trying to break down barriers to entry so more people can enjoy reading tarot cards and use them to solve every day problems. In time you will find your own practices with the card.

The keywords are like the first brush stroke on a blank canvas. A blank page can block your thinking. But once you start, even just one step, the blockage is removed.

In time, after using the cards over and over again they will hold lots of meaning for you. But the keywords will always be there to get you started if you want to use them.


## Links
