src/pages/posts/the-agnostic-method.mdx, before:

---
title: 'The Agnostic Method'
description: 'Use the Agnostic Method to learn how to read tarot cards.'
author: 'Chris F'
tags: ["tdm", "practice", "exercises"]
path: "/posts/the-agnostic-method"
layout: "../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
---


The agnostic method for card reading is a way to practice getting good at reading cards through repetition, not relying on anything deep or elaborate. What you need:
<ol class="rt-margin">
1. A Tarot de Marseille deck  [Buying a Deck](/posts/buying-a-deck)
2. Paper and pen
3. Keywords [Keyword Chart](/posts/keywords)
</ol>

To get started you can use my keywords, but as you go you will start having your own ideas of the meanings of the cards. You will also learn more about the meanings of the cards from other sources. You should make your own keyword list, and just fill it in as new insights come to you. 

[[Printable Blank Keyword List]]

### The Agnostic Method for reading Tarot
<ol class="rt-margin">
1. Shuffle the cards
2. Draw three cards
3. Write down the keyword for each card _(only the keyword, not the rank/suit or title of the card)_
4. Build a story based on those words and things you think of while looking at the cards and write it down (see note below)
5. Repeat 3 - 10 times
</ol>

_note: These readings are anonymous, they are not for a certain person or about a certain topic. You are free associating. But don't be surprised when you notice some of the cards do pertain to you!_

You should not spend much time on these, as soon as the ideas dry up move on to the next one. There is no right or wrong. Some cards may leave you with a blank, just move on.

The positions of the cards do not matter unless something sticks out to you. We will expand on the three card readings later, for now we just want to focus on learning the keywords and seeing how the cards interact with each other.

This should be approached in a casual / fun manner. You are just playing and experimenting with the cards. Sometimes I just shuffle the cards and go through the cards three at a time until I am ready to stop. I learn so much about the cards and their little details by looking at them in different contexts.

There is no pressure with this method. There is nobody else involved, your own heart/ego aren't involved, no fortunes to tell, no spirits to appease. It's like a game. As you practice, you will start feeling confident in knowing the basic meanings of the cards and your understanding of the cards will grow through repeated readings. 

You will become comfortable handling your deck and reading the cards.

Commit message:

add image to each post

src/pages/posts/the-agnostic-method.mdx, after:

---
title: 'The Agnostic Method'
description: 'Use the Agnostic Method to learn how to read tarot cards.'
author: 'Chris F'
tags: ["tdm", "practice", "exercises"]
path: "/posts/the-agnostic-method"
layout: "../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
image: {
    src: "../../images/cbd_tarot/a10.jpg",
    alt: "The Wheel of Fortune",
    title: "X The Wheel of Fortune"
}
---


The agnostic method for card reading is a way to practice getting good at reading cards through repetition, not relying on anything deep or elaborate. What you need:
<ol class="rt-margin">
1. A Tarot de Marseille deck  [Buying a Deck](/posts/buying-a-deck)
2. Paper and pen
3. Keywords [Keyword Chart](/posts/keywords)
</ol>

To get started you can use my keywords, but as you go you will start having your own ideas of the meanings of the cards. You will also learn more about the meanings of the cards from other sources. You should make your own keyword list, and just fill it in as new insights come to you. 

[[Printable Blank Keyword List]]

### The Agnostic Method for reading Tarot
<ol class="rt-margin">
1. Shuffle the cards
2. Draw three cards
3. Write down the keyword for each card _(only the keyword, not the rank/suit or title of the card)_
4. Build a story based on those words and things you think of while looking at the cards and write it down (see note below)
5. Repeat 3 - 10 times
</ol>

_note: These readings are anonymous, they are not for a certain person or about a certain topic. You are free associating. But don't be surprised when you notice some of the cards do pertain to you!_

You should not spend much time on these, as soon as the ideas dry up move on to the next one. There is no right or wrong. Some cards may leave you with a blank, just move on.

The positions of the cards do not matter unless something sticks out to you. We will expand on the three card readings later, for now we just want to focus on learning the keywords and seeing how the cards interact with each other.

This should be approached in a casual / fun manner. You are just playing and experimenting with the cards. Sometimes I just shuffle the cards and go through the cards three at a time until I am ready to stop. I learn so much about the cards and their little details by looking at them in different contexts.

There is no pressure with this method. There is nobody else involved, your own heart/ego aren't involved, no fortunes to tell, no spirits to appease. It's like a game. As you practice, you will start feeling confident in knowing the basic meanings of the cards and your understanding of the cards will grow through repeated readings. 

You will become comfortable handling your deck and reading the cards.
